Feature/20241008 bugz19502 vacuum (#20)
OpenLinkSoftware/Documentation: virtuoso-docs-md/fn_vacuum.md

## Description

<div class="note" style="margin-left: 0.5in; margin-right: 0.5in;">

|                              |                                                                              |
|:----------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ![\[Note\]](images/note.png) | Deprecated!                                                                  |

> |                              | This functionality happens automatically in Virtuoso versions 6 and greater. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                              | This index compaction is automatic in Virtuoso version 6 and later. |
```

Reviewer: now in #22

                                title="Database Recovery">backup-dump/restore-crash-dump</a> cycle.                                                                                                                                                        |

</div>

This function reads through the specified tables and indices and finds
groups of adjacent index pages holding data that will fit on fewer pages
than it currently occupies. If such an operation can be made, the pages
are thus compacted.

The compacted pages become part of the committed state and will be
written to the checkpoint space on the next checkpoint.

The vacuum operation is non-locking and can be run on a busy database.
It will simply skip pages with ongoing activity such as pending cursors
or locks. The vacuum procedure returns only after it has read through
the indices it affects but it will not prevent other activity on the
indices.

The vacuum operation may run out of disk space even if it makes net
gains because the modified pages will not be final until the next
checkpoint and the originals will not be free until this same

> checkpoint. Thus manually running a checkpoint after vacuum runs out of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
checkpoint. Manually running a checkpoint after vacuum runs out of
```

Reviewer: now in #22

</div>

<div id="id84071" class="refsect2">

### index_name

> This allows specifying an individual index to compact. The specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specifies an individual index to compact. The specified
```

Reviewer: now in #22
